Miscellaneous fixes, part 5 (#18)
pulsar-edit/docs: docs/customizing-pulsar/style-tweaks.md

If we hard-coded a color value here, we’d probably want to change the value if we switched syntax themes in the future. Instead, we can use one of the variables that syntax themes must define; that way the rule will work no matter which syntax theme is active.

> Here’s [the full list of syntax variables](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/pulsar/blob/master/static/variables/syntax-variables.less) you can rely on existing in most syntax themes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here’s [the full list of syntax variables](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/pulsar/blob/master/static/variables/syntax-variables.less) you can rely on being present in most syntax themes.
```

May just be me, but I had to re-read this sentence a second time to get what you mean. It may just be the break when looking at in MD, but this feels a bit more clear
